Studio Overview and Quickstart (#600)
graknlabs/docs: 07-studio/00-overview.md

---
pageTitle: TypeDB Studio
keywords: typeql, studio , visualiser, visualisation, visualizer, visualization
longTailKeywords: typedb studio, typeql studio, typeql visualiser, typeql visualisation, typeql visualizer, typeql visualization
Summary: An overview of TypeDB Studio.
toc: false
---
## What is Studio?
![Connection](/docs/images/studio/studio.png)
[caption: TypeDB Studio, a dedicated IDE for TypeDB]

> The TypeDB Studio, along with the [TypeDB Console](../02-console/01-console.md) and the [TypeDB Clients](../03-client-api/00-overview.md), is an interface through which we can read from a TypeDB database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeDB Studio, along with [TypeDB Console](../02-console/01-console.md) and the [TypeDB Clients](../03-client-api/00-overview.md), is an interface through which we can interact with a TypeDB database.
```

Studio allows us to execute any [TypeQL query](../11-query/00-overview.md), and visualise and investigate its results.

> Whether you need a tool to test and experiment with your newly created TypeDB knowledge graph, or that you prefer a graphical interface for reading data from TypeDB, you will find Studio extremely useful.

Reviewer: Although the docs are not consistently up-to-date in this regard, I think we should favour the term "database"
```suggestion
Whether you need a tool to test and experiment with your newly created TypeDB database, or you prefer a graphical interface for reading data from TypeDB, you will find Studio extremely useful.
```

## Download Studio

> TypeDB Studio is available for Linux, Mac and Windows. Visit the [Download Center](https://vaticle.com/download#typedb-studio) to download and install the latest release of Studio.

Reviewer: 🇺🇸
```suggestion
TypeDB Studio is available for Linux, Mac and Windows. Visit the [Download Centre](https://vaticle.com/download#typedb-studio) to download and install the latest release of Studio.
```
